okay this is my garden tomatoes I have a
couple great plants over there but this
is really why I'm out here these are my
pepper plants and I'm having a great
year this year and have tons and tons of
peppers I'm going to get right in there
and get close in this is my stop a plant
supposed to be hotter than a jalapeno
but this one was right back there I
found it to be sweet i've tried one
already about to be sweet but not that
hot I do have a bunch of the jalapenos
in the back here I've tried a couple of
them I'm gonna find them to be
particularly hot but I'm going to let
them all turn Radek up eight of them on
the back there and of course he's a
Cayennes in the front and I got lots of
nothing actually I got lots of people's
put the kind of hidden away anyway so
like I yen like a tons of them as well
finally starting to turn is the first
one it's starting to turn red
and I have three paper lantern Plus this
one it said quite a few right peppers
already they're really nice they're
quite hot I've been enjoying them I've
got a couple more to pull off getting
read for a while and I've got lots more
and I'm just going to go over here this
is where I've got you can see the lots
of greens I've got two plants here and
just hums that's too close tons and
right in the middle between them I've
got believed to be seven pod that's what
that's what i was told when I bought the
plant and I had a little tail at the end
it there round I mean I don't want to i
want to pull it off really nice they are
totally hot and invisibles to be up to
about 750,000 Scoville units so I'm
looking forward to them not necessarily
to eat but to dehydrate and and grind
them up it's surprising how well they've
done actually this one is one plant for
sure i'm going to put into a patent and
let it survive the winter or winters you
are very cold and very long okay so this
one here is the holy moly holy moly I've
had this I've grown this a couple of
years not not hot but they're pretty
nice especially when they've been
roasted pretty long about taking a
couple of them off already but yeah
yeah they're not hot at all actually but
they've got a nice flavor so I kind of
enjoyed them this here is a scotch
bonnet plant which is crazy the peppers
on it God like 12 or 13 i'm looking
forward to them turning red and getting
them off there i've never had scotch
bonnet plant before I didn't think it
was going to do well but it really did
did great then I have four hubba narrow
plants and they're they're going crazy
too you like the baldest just fantastic
really excited about that and over here
the last also having euro but escaped
Caribbean red and I've had that before
but I've never had any year like this
before I've never had anything like this
before last year I had no peppers at all
just didn't do well and this year I
think I've got about 20 but there I
think a couple years ago I had a couple
but for some reason like it's been 80
for the last couple of weeks but it's
been lots of rain and hasn't been all
that hot I'm hoping that even though we
haven't had a lot of heat it's still
these are still going to be nice peppers
when they when they write them anyway
that's it my pride and joy I come out
here a lot and and just look at them and
read them and all that stuff hope you
enjoyed that thanks thanks for watching
like
you